h1.Multi-Path Story App

h3.{font-size:0.8em, color: C1B6B3}Documentation



h5.Setup

p.The appliaction requires the following items to be installed:

*Node.js ":https://nodejs.org/en/download/"

p.The next steps:

*Save the Multi--Path--Story App in a folder

*In your terminal navigate to the folder and use %{font-family:courier-new}npm install% to install all node packages.

*Write %{font-family:courier-new}npm start% to start the application

*Open your browser and navigate to this url: "http://locahost:3000" and the application interface should load.



h5.The Approach

p.The approach chosen for this application has begun with an extensive research into Node.js. Many tutorials have been browsed through and a great deal of knowledge has been gathered.

p.In order to ensure that the basic working of the application has been well understood most of the code was written in client-side Jquery first.
Once the workings of the code and the logic was deemed to be sound, the following steps were taken to re-factor the application into a Server Side App:

*Re-Stucturing the file system
*Removing all Client--Side Java Script
*installing required npm Modules
*Re-writing the app.js file to request a server and load a view with express.js
*Re-searching further into the various types of request and response methods.

h5.Shortcuts and Implications

p.Many shortcuts have been made for the following reasons:

*The right information took too long to find/wasn't available
*The online courses were mostly useful, but often the required piece of information was not included, sometimes the wrong path was followed, which later on caused the code to break.
*Was faced with the challenge of thinking in a Server--Side way, with experience mainly consisting of Cient-Side Javascript

p.The above reasons and shortcuts have had the following implications on the Application:

*The app is not performing to the required standards
*The app is running, but not fully functioning
*The code is not organised in a scalable way and is amateurly written.

h5.The testing of Skills

p.The application aimed to test the following skills:

*Attention to detail in designing and implementing the application
*The understanding of the required folder structure and required packages and how these are connected and used
*The understanding of Server Side Javascript
*The knowledge of callback functions and when/how to use them
*The 'user--friendly' mindset in accounting for errors and writing error messages


p.This application has provided a great learning opportunity.